I can only see a few of the students from this angle.
Gotta love the face of a junior-high student in pain.
Once I get that ten billion yen,
I might just buy a bunch of 'em and force-feed 'em that virus every day.
Fourteen—no, fifteen of them.
Judging by their breathing, they're young, mostly in their mid-teens.
Who'da thunk it?
Everyone who's still up and about made it here.
Just so you know, this hall is completely soundproof.
I'll fill you all with lead before anyone comes to save you.
You know that none of you have the guts to take a life.
Now come on out like good little children and bow before the boss—
Missed! And I was aiming for the gun!
Live ammo? And from the sounds of it...
Did they take our goons' Model 60s?!
Junior-high kids trained for assassination...
Excellent.
Looks like this might actually be a job I can sink my teeth into!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ki
ri tsu rei
lock on ki
ri ki ri
ri tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Stand, bow, lock on!
on on ki
ki ri tsu
rei lock on
ki ki ri
tsu rei lock
on ki ri
ki ri ri
tsu ri
tsu tsu
rei tsu
rei rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
on on oh
oh yeah oh
oh yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
yeah yeah
sen sei tar
get on sen
sei tar get
on sen
sen sen
sei sen
sei sei
tar sei
tar tar
get tar
get get
on get
on on on
We've got a lot of potential po
po ten ti
al ta ka
i po po
ten ti al
ta ka i
po ten po
ten ten
ti ten
ti ti al
ti al al
ta al ta
ta ka ta
ka ka i
ka i
It's just that we're not trying i
i ho ho
do men do
ku sa i
ho ho do
men do ku
sa i ho
do ho do
do men do
men men
do men
do do ku
do ku ku
sa ku sa
sa i sa
i We had that dropouts' mentality
We had that dropouts' mentality i
i drop drop
out men tal
i ty drop
drop out
men tal i
ty drop out
drop out
out men
men tal
tal i tal
i i ty
i ty
No matter the unusual situation we were in
ty ty hi
ni chi jou
wo ryo u
ga sh i
hi ni chi
jou wo ryo
u ga sh
i hi hi
hi ni hi
ni ni chi
ni chi
chi jou
jou wo jou
wo wo ryo
wo ryo
ryo u ryo
u u ga
u ga ga
sh ga sh
sh i sh
i We pretended to doze off
We pretended to doze off i
i bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo ku
ra wa u
ta ta ne
ga o shi
te bo bo
bo ku bo
ku ku ra
ku ra ra
wa ra wa
wa u wa
u u ta
u ta ta
ta ta ta
ta ne ta
ne ne ga
ne ga ga
o ga o
o shi o
shi shi
te shi
te While holding on to a hidden knife
While holding on to a hidden knife te
te knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
ka ku
shi mo
tta knife
knife knife
ka knife
ka ka
ku ka
ku ku
shi ku
shi shi
mo shi
mo mo
tta mo
tta Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ki ri
ri tsu
tsu rei
rei lock
tta tta
Thinking someone would deal with you eventually
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
ho ho
tto ke
ba ki
tto da
re ka
ya tte
ku re
ru to
lock on
ho tto
on on
tto ke
ke ba
ba ki
ki tto
tto da
da re
re ka
ka ka
ya ya
ya tte
tte ku
ku re
re ru
ru to
We didn't really feel invested in the job
to to
do ko ka
ta ni n
go to da
tta do ko
ka ta ni
n go to
da tta do
do do ko
do ko ko
ka ko ka
ka ta ka
ta ta ni
ta ni ni
n ni n
n go n
go go to
go to to
da to da
da tta da
tta But now But now tta
tta da da
ke do da
da ke do
da ke da
ke ke do
ke do do
do
Teacher, teach us, we're still growing up
mis mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er o
shi e te
mi kan se
i na bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er o
er o o
shi o
shi shi e
shi e e
te e te
te mi te
mi mi kan
mi kan
kan se kan
se se i
se i i
na i na
na bo na
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
Will we be able to shoot through an invincible target like you?
ra ra a
na ta to
iu fu ra
ku no tar
get u chi
nu ke ru
de sho u
ka a na
ta to iu
fu ra ku
no tar get
u chi nu
ke ru de
sho u ka
a a a
na a na
na ta na
ta ta to
ta to to
iu to iu
iu fu iu
fu fu ra
fu ra ra
ku ra ku
ku no ku
no no tar
no tar
tar get
get u get
u u chi
u chi chi
nu chi
nu nu ke
nu ke ke
ru ke ru
ru de ru
de de sho
de sho
sho u sho
u u ka
u ka
Stand, bow, lock on!
As long as we challenge you, it's fifty-fifty
ka ka i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
i do
mu ka
gi ri
ka no
u sei
wa half
and half
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on i
do i
do ki
ri ki
ri do
mu ri
tsu do
tsu mu
ka mu
ka tsu
rei tsu
rei ka
gi ka
gi gi
ri gi
ri rei
lock rei
lock lock
lock on
on ri
ri ka
ka ka
no ka
no on
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ri no
u no
u ri
tsu ri
tsu u
sei u
sei sei
wa sei
wa tsu
rei tsu
rei wa
half wa
half rei
lock rei
lock half
and half
and and
half and
half lock
on lock
on
Teacher, watch us, as we try to find a direction in life
half half
on on
mis mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
mis ter
teach er mi
te i te
ma yo i
o oki bo
ku ra mis
ter mis
ter ter
teach ter
teach teach
er teach
er er mi
er mi mi
te mi te
te i te
i i te
i te te
ma te ma
ma yo ma
yo yo i
yo i i
o i o
o oki o
oki oki
bo oki
bo bo ku
bo ku ku
ra ku ra
We're studying our ass off for you more than anybody else
ra ra da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
da re yo
ri mo a
na ta no
ta me ni
mo u be
n kyo u
chuu sa da
re da re
re yo re
yo yo ri
yo ri ri
mo ri mo
mo a mo
a a na
a na na
ta na ta
ta no ta
no no ta
no ta ta
me ta me
me ni me
ni ni mo
ni mo mo
u mo u
u be u
be be n
be n n
kyo n
kyo kyo u
kyo u u
chuu u
chuu chuu
sa chuu
sa Stand, bow, lock on!
Stand, bow, lock on!
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
Only the bloodlust is our message to you
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
sa sa
tsu i
da ke
ga a
na ta
e no
mess age
ki ri
sa tsu
ri tsu
tsu i
i da
tsu rei
da ke
ke ga
rei lock
lock on
on on
ga ga
ki ki
ri tsu
rei lock
on ki
ki ri
tsu rei
lock on
a a
a na
ki ri
ri tsu
na ta
ta e
tsu rei
e no
no mess
rei lock
mess age
lock on
We'll make our dreams come true on our own for real
age age
ji ji
ri ki
ga chi
de ho
n gan
i ku
yo ji
ji ri
ki ga
chi de
ho n
gan i
ku yo
on on
ji ri
ri ki
ki ga
ga chi
chi de
de ho
ho n
n gan
gan i
i ku
ku yo
A revolution!
yo yo
re re vol
u tion re
re vol u
tion re vol
re vol
vol u vol
u u tion
u tion Oh yeah!
Oh yeah!
tion tion oh
oh yeah oh
yeah oh
yeah yeah
yeah The target is our teacher!
The target is our teacher!
sen sen sei
tar get on
sen sen
sei tar get
on sen sei
sen sei
sei tar
tar get
get on get
on on on
Episode XX Time
S-So bright!
Can't see the stage with that backlight!
Feelin' fine again today, with my tasty, tasty gun!
H-He fired through that tiny gap?
I never forget the position of any enemy once they've fired.
I used to be in the military, you see.
My time there gave me a knack for pinpointing my enemies' locations,
and having to identify guns with my tongue gave me a real taste for weaponry.
Now, then... There should be one more stolen gun out there.
Hayami-san! Remain standing by!
You were wise not to fire just now, Chiba-kun!
The enemy still doesn't know where you are!
I'll keep an eye on him and tell you when,
so hang tight until it's go time!
Where's that coming from?
Hey! Quit starin' at me from the front row!
An expert gunman versus junior-high students?
I think it's fair for them to have a slight handicap.
Okay, Kimura-kun, run five seats left!
Terasaka-kun and Yoshida-kun, move three seats to either side!
We've formed a blind spot!
Kayano-san, use this chance to move two rows forward!
Karma-kun and Fuwa-san, move eight seats right!
Isogai-kun! Five seats left!
H-He's shuffling them around?
Bastard's making it complicated!
And yet,
he's telling me their names and positions with every command.
I'll have 'em memorized in no time.
Student number 12!
Move right and continue preparations!
Numbers 4 and 6, film the target from between the seats!
Use Ritsu-san to tell Chiba-kun what's happening onstage!
Ponytail, move to the front-left!
Motorcycle Fan, you too! Two seats to the front-left!
The person who visited Takebayashi-kun's favorite maid café out of curiosity and was alarmed to find he liked it,
make a big racket to confuse the enemy!
Shaddup! How the hell did you know that?!
Now I have no idea where anyone is!
Okay, Chiba-kun, it's time.
After I give this next command, fire at will.
Argh! Where are you, dammit?!
Hayami-san, support him as the situation requires.
You're looking to block off the enemy's movements.
But before that, a word of advice for the two who don't let their feelings show:
When you failed to shoot me down earlier today,
you began to doubt your own skill.
You don't whine or make excuses,
and your classmates forced their confidence onto you,
thinking, "Surely they can handle it."
No one would notice your anguish.
You seem pretty relaxed for someone with such bad grades!
I should never have trusted you to study on your own!
He won't even make any excuses.
I have no idea what he's thinking!
But it's all right.
You don't have to bear all that pressure alone.
If you two miss, we'll switch to plan B: shuffling people and guns around
so no one can tell who's pulling the trigger.
We can use that strategy because everyone here has gone through training and tasted failure.
You have allies at your side who have shared your experience.
So with that peace of mind, go ahead and fire.
Heh. Thanks for that.
That little pep talk of yours gave me enough time to figure this out.
Student number 12 is the only one who hasn't moved.
And yet they're breathing heavily, like they're planning something.
The second someone pops up in that area, I'll shoot to kill.
All right, here we go!
It tastes divine!
Right now I'm one with my gun...
and I don't plan on missing!
Student number 12! Stand and fire!
Bingo!
A dummy?!
That's where you need to aim!
Okay.
You missed. Now I know where the second one—
Th-They aimed for the brackets... on the stage lights?
Damn it all!
Phew. Finally hit the mark.
All right, tape him up!
Building a dummy in complete silence takes a lot out of you!
That was a real white-knuckle moment.
I'm amazed you let them handle such a dangerous fight.
Every human being has a number of opportunities to break out of their shell and grow.
But they can't make the most of those opportunities on their own.
Nice work!
They need tough foes who call on their powers of concentration
and allies with whom to share their experiences.
And so, I want to be a teacher who can provide these things.
To give my students high walls and good friends without losing sight of their moments of growth.
What an education.
They've just had a shoot-out with their lives on the line,
and yet their expressions look more like junior-high students' now.
Seems like I'm back in action.
Though I'd say I'm at about half strength.
That's still twice as strong as us.
He should have just gone in alone.
So that leads to the top floor.
Yeah.
We're out of time.
Students!
I've come to realize something about our mastermind waiting above.
He's using assassins all wrong.
What?
Lookout and guards... Those aren't jobs for assassins.
If their potential had been used to the fullest, they'd have been fearsome indeed.
Yeah, the gunman's shot wasn't even a single centimeter off the mark.
And, Karma-kun: if that fellow had snuck up on you from behind on any other day,
he would have killed you instantly through sheer grip strength.
I suppose so.
So it's true.
Our mastermind isn't an assassin after all.
Time to assign roles to each of you.
First off... Isogai-kun, Terasaka-kun, Yoshida-kun:
Nagisa?
I'd like you three to...
You're burning up, Terasaka-kun. Are you... infec—
Keep it down!
I always got stamina to spare.
It'll go away by itself in no time!
That's crazy talk!
That damn Karasuma only got gassed 'cause I had to go and run ahead when I did.
And that's not the first time my actions almost got everyone killed.
I ain't about to drop out now and drag everyone down even more!
Terasaka-kun... Commence operation!
C'mon!
Ooh, Namba!
They say ninjas used this walking style.
No wonder there've been so many more silent assassinations in our classroom lately.
Even as their time runs out, they refuse to panic or lose hope.
I'm so proud of these students of mine.
All the more reason we mustn't give in to the enemy before us.
I'm betting that's the viral remedy.
And those wires...
They lead to a plastic explosive.
We're right on time.
Ideally, we'll be able to subdue him.
If he sees us, I'll shoot his arm.
He won't be able to push that detonator...
and that's when we all rush in and grab them!
Now!
Itchy.
The very memory makes me itch.
But maybe that's why my senses have grown so much keener—
because my wounds are always exposed to the air.
Didn't I tell you? I've come prepared to kill a Mach-20 monster.
I brought spare detonator remotes in case one was snatched away at high speed.
I have more than enough to press any one of them if I should fall.
We'd heard that voice before...
but this time, it was far more sinister.
Of the people I couldn't reach, there were three assassins and one other.
An insider who vanished with Ministry of Defense secret-service funds and the assassination budget.
What do you think you're doing, Takaoka?
Episode Episode Takaoka Time Takaoka Time Takaoka Time
Takaoka Time Takaoka Time Takaoka Time Takaoka Time
Takaoka Time Episode Episode Takaoka Time Takaoka Time
Takaoka Time Takaoka Time Episode Episode Takaoka Time
Takaoka Time Takaoka Time Takaoka Time Episode Episode
What naughty children.
Slipping in through the back door to see your dear teacher?
That's not how your good old dad raised you.
Ah, well. I'll have to give you some summertime tutoring.
Takaoka... sensei...
Shall we take this to the roof?
I've got everything ready to welcome my beloved students.
You'll follow me up there, right?
After all, your class is only alive thanks to my benevolence.
Hiring assassins, threatening students with a virus...
Have you gone mad?
Now, now. I am exceedingly sane!
This plan of mine will save the world!
If only you'd sent those two littl'uns along to bring me the one with the bounty,
my assassination plan would've gone off without a hitch.
See, my plan would've used, what was her name, Kayano? The girl.
The bathtub in my room here is filled with anti-teacher BBs.
I'd have her go in there while holding the target,
and then I'd bury them alive in cement.
For him to return to his usual form without touching those BBs,
he would have to blow the lot to smithereens—including his student.
But he cares far too much for his dear students to do anything so heartless!
So I figure he'd just do me a favor and melt away without a fight.
He's... He's a demon!
It gave me a fright when I learned you all came here together,
but it doesn't much change what I have to do.
My mood will determine how many of you leave here alive.
Do you think you can get away with this?
Oh, I'd say it's far more humane than how you've treated me!
Takaoka lost to a junior-high kid and totally blew his mission!
Whoa! And after all that bragging about his teaching skills?
His bosses mustn't think much of him now!
Their humiliating glances, and that trick you pulled on me with a knife...
Whenever they cross my mind, my face gets so itchy I can't even sleep at night!
I'll pay back my failure with results.
I'll take the humiliation I suffered and give it back in spades!
And you're first on my list, Shiota Nagisa!
I will never forgive you for spoiling my future!
So when he asked for the shortest students, he was after Nagisa.
A completely unjustified grudge!
Oh? So you wanted Nagisa-kun here so you could settle the score?
Would it make you happy, beating someone so much smaller than you?
I could show you a much better time.
You're nuts. You only lost to Nagisa according to your own damn rules!
Listen, whether you'd won or lost back then,
we'd still hate your guts!
I don't recall asking you little shits for your opinions!
Don't forget I could blow away half of you with one finger!
You. Shrimp.
Come upstairs alone.
To the heliport.
Nagisa, you can't!
I don't want to...
but I will.
Get a move on! Now!
He's so agitated that who knows what he'll do.
I'll hear him out, talk him down,
and get him to hand over the remedy in one piece.
Nagisa-kun...
Nagisa...
Takaoka!
Now, now, don't take this the wrong way.
I just don't want you interrupting my precious time with Shiota Nagisa-kun.
There. Now no one else can come up here.
Do you understand what I'm trying to do?
This is a rematch of our earlier fight.
Wait, Takaoka-sensei.
I didn't come here to fight.
I'm sure.
Those cheap tricks of yours won't work anymore.
I can see myself doing you in, just like that.
But if I do, it'll be over too quickly to make me feel better.
So before we fight, there's something I need you to do.
Apologize. On your hands and knees.
Atone wholeheartedly for having pulled a dirty sneak attack
because you lack any real skill.
I—
That doesn't look like hands and knees to me, you goddamned brat!
I wanna see your head on the ground, boy!
I have no real skill, so I pulled a dirty sneak attack. I'm sorry.
Oh, and after that you talked real big to me. Told me to get out, as I recall.
Is that any way for a brat like you to talk to an adult?
Is that any way for a student to talk to his teacher?!
I'm just a brat and a student,
and it was wrong for me to talk back to an adult—a teacher.
I'm very sorry.
Now you're speaking from the heart.
Your dear dad is so pleased!
I'll let you in on a little something in return.
I asked Smog what happens to people who die from that virus.
He showed me some pictures. What a laugh!
Their bodies, covered in boils!
Faces like bunches of grapes!
Wouldn't you like to see that, Nagisa-kun?
No!
Yes!
That's the face I wanted to see!
You ought to keep a summer journal, like you'd do for plants,
and write down every detail as your friends' faces bubble in agony!
I'll... kill you...
That's right.
That's the way.
Oh dear... I'll...
I'll kill you!
The sun shines The sun shines ta i yo u ga sa su ta i
yo u ga sa su ta ta ta i ta i i yo i yo yo u yo u u ga
u ga ga sa ga sa sa su sa su su su
On the back of my closed eyelids to za shi ta ma bu ta
no u ra ga wa ni to za shi ta ma bu ta no u ra ga wa
ni to to to za to za za shi za shi shi ta shi ta ta ma
ta ma ma bu ma bu bu ta bu ta ta no ta no no u no u u
ra u ra ra ga ra ga ga wa ga wa wa ni wa ni ni ni
I see red afterimages I see red afterimages a ka i zan
zo u a ka i zan zo u a a a ka a ka ka i ka i i zan i
zan zan zo zan zo zo u zo u u u
With a notebook and a pen in my leather bag ka ka wa
no ka ban ni no o to to pen wo ka ka wa no ka ban ni
no o to to pen wo ka wa ka wa wa no wa no no ka no ka
ka ban ka ban ban ni ban ni ni no ni no no o no o o to
o to to to to to to pen to pen pen wo pen wo wo wo
I go for a walk I go for a walk sa a a ru ki da so u
sa a a ru ki da so u sa sa sa a sa a a a a a a ru a ru
ru ki ru ki ki da ki da da so da so so u so u u u
I keep drawing, but I can't get it to look pretty ka i
te mo ka i te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka i te mo ka i
te mo ki re i ni na ra na i ka ka ka i ka i i te i te
te mo te mo mo ka mo ka ka i ka i i te i te te mo te
mo mo ki mo ki ki re ki re re i re i i ni i ni ni na
ni na na ra na ra ra na ra na na i na i
My choice of colors is not to blame i e ra n da e no
gu ni tsu mi wa na i i e ra n da e no gu ni tsu mi wa
na i e e e ra e ra ra n ra n n da n da da e da e e no
e no no gu no gu gu ni gu ni ni tsu ni tsu tsu mi tsu
mi mi wa mi wa wa na wa na na i na i i i
I still remember the shooting star I saw last night ki
no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi ma da o bo e
te i ru ki no u no yo na ka ni mi ta na ga re bo shi
ma da o bo e te i ru ki ki ki no ki no no u no u u no
u no no yo no yo yo na yo na na ka na ka ka ni ka ni
ni mi ni mi mi ta mi ta ta na ta na na ga na ga ga re
ga re re bo re bo bo shi bo shi shi ma shi ma ma da ma
da da o da o o bo o bo bo e bo e e te e te te i te i i
ru i ru ru I I was wait ing for... ru I I was wait ing
for... I was I was was wait was wait wait ing wait ing
ing for... ing for... for... for...
He llo, shoot ing star He llo, shoot ing star He He He
llo, He llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing
ing star ing star star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga
in star He He llo, shoot ing star, a ga in He llo, He
llo, llo, shoot llo, shoot shoot ing shoot ing ing
star, ing star, star, a star, a a ga a ga ga in ga in
in in I was waiting I was waiting ma tte i ta yo ma
tte i ta yo ma ma ma tte ma tte tte i tte i i ta i ta
ta yo ta yo The girl of many dreams
The girl of many dreams yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko
wa zu tto yo yu yu me wo mi ru a no ko wa zu tto yu me
yu me me wo me wo wo mi wo mi mi ru mi ru ru a ru a a
no a no no ko no ko ko wa ko wa wa zu wa zu zu tto zu
tto tto tto
Is always here Is always here ko ko ni i ru no ko ko
ni i ru no ko ko ko ko ko ko ko ni ko ni ni i ni i i
ru i ru ru no ru no no no
Just like you did that day Just like you did that day
a no hi no ma ma a no hi no ma ma a a a no a no no hi
no hi hi no hi no no ma no ma ma ma ma ma ma ma
Shine again Shine again ma ma ta hi ka tte ma ma ta hi
ka tte ma ta ma ta ta hi ta hi hi ka hi ka ka tte ka
tte tte tte
Ne xt Ep iso de
Dear Class 3-E, you've done great so far!
I hope you continue to learn well, play well, and kill well!
The first term of Korosensei's assassination classroom is now officially over!
Episode Nagisa Time